hello girls learn to do 16 favorite
that the handle of a bag or the
inside and here to fit the one that
I'll do
What happened was actually tape
tongue of sand by tape that here is a
basket and who knows reads is not bigger
better know two barbie dolls a man
so this part that I'm going to start
publicly with tape and tissues
while I have already interviewed do
happen to that, huh?
here I put this part
Let's show you how it goes.
stay 21 in style
You have to fix it, people like that.
command and up to another too right
of 21 the law of the stock exchange the stock does not fall
because she is the distance from her head
handle and put in the middle of the head she goes
Turning is not the same as today's swing.
you can use the plastic inside a
hose to watch the sound of
Front any way you want
the business of her head and me too
one foot of her fell
learn indoors see do not fall
tavera had not seen the girl's head
because that 's how I said the handle is fine
sure, you see I 'm holding
so that's what have to do in these
another to be your business did more for
do as I said just pay a
little modelie
If you want to use the government you want
she also showed how she looks right
I spent white
in her doll number 9 finish né
to leave simple nor was it quite large
so do not
so the dobrinha to give a style is
to be cute, not the specter of our
today's issue